[router]: Add unstable_subscribe to native-intent (#31765)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/advanced/native-intent.mdx

```ts
<Link href="https://my-website.com/router/introduction" />
```

## `unstable_subscribe`

> `unstable_subscribe` is experimentally available in SDK 52.

> If you are using tooling from a 3rd party provider that not does yet support Expo Router, but does support React Navigation via the `Linking.subscribe` function, you can use `unstable_subscribe` as a substitute API. Expo does not recommend using this API for new projects/integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using a third-party provider that doesn't support Expo Router but does support React Navigation via the `Linking.subscribe` function for existing projects, you can use `unstable_subscribe` as an alternative API. However, using this API for new projects or integrations is not recommended.
```

"Tooling" is a bit vague. I think "third-party provider" gives the same amount of context. Let's also update this whole paragraph to improve readability.
